How browser renders the website:
 
 1. When the browser begins to receive the HTML data of a page over the network,
    it immediately sets its parser to work to convert the HTML into a Document Object Model (DOM).
    the first step of this parsing process is to break down the HTML into tokens that represent start tags,
    end tags, and their contents. From that it can construct the DOM.

 2. When the parser comes across an external resource like a CSS or JavaScript file, it goes off to fetch those files. 
    The parser will continue as a CSS file is being loaded,although it will block rendering until it has been loaded and parsed.
    JavaScript files are a little different - by default they block parsing of the HTML whilst the JavaScript file is loaded and then parsed. 
    there are two attributes that can be added to script tags to mitigate this: defer and async.
 
 3. The CSS Object Model (CSSOM) is a map of all CSS selectors and relevant properties for each selector in the form of a tree, with a root node, sibling, descendant, child, and other relationship.
    The CSSOM is very similar to the Document Object Model (DOM). Both of them are part of the critical rendering path which is a series of steps that must happen to properly render a website.
    The CSSOM, together with the DOM, to build the render tree, which is in turn used by the browser to layout and paint the web page.

 4. How and when the JavaScript resources are loaded will determine exactly when this happens, but at some point they will be parsed, compiled and executed. 
    Different browsers have different JavaScript engines to perform this task. Parsing JavaScript can be an expensive process in terms of a computer's resources.
 
 5. The render tree is a combination of the DOM and CSSOM, and represents everything that will be rendered onto the page.
    That does not necessarily mean all nodes in the render tree will be visually present.
 
 6. The rendering engine traverses the render tree, starting at the top and working down, calculating the coordinates at which each node should be displayed.